cli/src/main/resources/help/server.adoc, before:

SERVER(1)
=========
:doctype: manpage


NAME
----
server - server configuration and state management.


DESCRIPTION
-----------
The *server* command describes and manages server endpoint connectors and datasources and retrieves aggregated diagnostic reports about both the server and host.

Reports provide details about CPU, memory, open files, network sockets and routing, threads, in addition to configuration and log files.


SYNOPSIS
--------
*server report*

*server connector ls*

*server connector describe* 'connector-name'

*server connector start* 'connector-name'

*server connector stop* 'connector-name'

*server connector ipfilter ls* 'connector-name'

*server connector ipfilter set* 'connector-name' --rules='[ACCEPT|REJECT]/cidr',...

*server connector ipfilter clear* 'connector-name'

*server datasource ls*

*server datasource test* 'datasource-name'


SERVER CONNECTOR IPFILTER OPTIONS
---------------------------------

*--rules*='[ACCEPT|REJECT]/cidr',...::
One or more IP filtering rules.


EXAMPLES
--------

`server report` +
Obtains a server report, including information about network, threads, memory, etc.

`server connector ls` +
Lists all available connectors on the server.

`server connector describe endpoint-default` +
Shows information about the specified connector, including host, port, local and global connections, IP filtering rules.

`server connector stop my-hotrod-connector` +
Stops a connector dropping all established connections across the cluster.
This command will be refused if attempting to stop the connector which is handling the request.

`server connector start my-hotrod-connector` +
Starts a connector so that it can accept connections across the cluster.

`server connector ipfilter ls my-hotrod-connector` +
Lists all IP filtering rules active on a connector across the cluster.

`server connector ipfilter set my-hotrod-connector --rules=ACCEPT/192.168.0.0/16,REJECT/10.0.0.0/8`
Sets IP filtering rules on a connector across the cluster. Replaces all existing rules.
This command will be refused if one of the rejection rules matches the address of the connection on which it is invoked.

`server connector ipfilter clear my-hotrod-connector` +
Removes all IP filtering rules on a connector across the cluster.

`server datasource ls` +
Lists all available datasources on the server.

`server datasource test my-datasource` +
Performs a test connection on the datasource.

Commit message:

ISPN-13794 Heap Dump REST API

cli/src/main/resources/help/server.adoc, after:

SERVER(1)
=========
:doctype: manpage


NAME
----
server - server configuration and state management.


DESCRIPTION
-----------
The *server* command describes and manages server endpoint connectors and datasources and retrieves aggregated diagnostic reports about both the server and host.

Reports provide details about CPU, memory, open files, network sockets and routing, threads, in addition to configuration and log files.


SYNOPSIS
--------
*server report*

*server heap-dump* [--live]

*server connector ls*

*server connector describe* 'connector-name'

*server connector start* 'connector-name'

*server connector stop* 'connector-name'

*server connector ipfilter ls* 'connector-name'

*server connector ipfilter set* 'connector-name' --rules='[ACCEPT|REJECT]/cidr',...

*server connector ipfilter clear* 'connector-name'

*server datasource ls*

*server datasource test* 'datasource-name'


SERVER CONNECTOR IPFILTER OPTIONS
---------------------------------

*--rules*='[ACCEPT|REJECT]/cidr',...::
One or more IP filtering rules.


EXAMPLES
--------

`server report` +
Obtains a server report, including information about network, threads, memory, etc.

`server heap-dump` +
Generates a JVM heap dump in the server data directory, returning the path of the generated file.

`server connector ls` +
Lists all available connectors on the server.

`server connector describe endpoint-default` +
Shows information about the specified connector, including host, port, local and global connections, IP filtering rules.

`server connector stop my-hotrod-connector` +
Stops a connector dropping all established connections across the cluster.
This command will be refused if attempting to stop the connector which is handling the request.

`server connector start my-hotrod-connector` +
Starts a connector so that it can accept connections across the cluster.

`server connector ipfilter ls my-hotrod-connector` +
Lists all IP filtering rules active on a connector across the cluster.

`server connector ipfilter set my-hotrod-connector --rules=ACCEPT/192.168.0.0/16,REJECT/10.0.0.0/8`
Sets IP filtering rules on a connector across the cluster. Replaces all existing rules.
This command will be refused if one of the rejection rules matches the address of the connection on which it is invoked.

`server connector ipfilter clear my-hotrod-connector` +
Removes all IP filtering rules on a connector across the cluster.

`server datasource ls` +
Lists all available datasources on the server.

`server datasource test my-datasource` +
Performs a test connection on the datasource.
