documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_rest_servers.adoc, before:

[id='rest_v2_server_info']
= Retrieving Basic Server Information
View basic information about {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server
----

{brandname} responds with the server name, codename, and version in JSON format
as in the following example:

[source,json,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
include::json/rest_server_response.json[]
----


[id='rest_v2_server_cm']
= Getting Cache Managers
Retrieve lists of Cache Managers for {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/cache-managers
----

{brandname} responds with an array of the Cache Manager names configured for
the server.

[NOTE]
====
{brandname} currently supports one Cache Manager per server only.
====


[id='rest_v2_cache_ignore']
= Adding Caches to Ignore Lists
Configure {brandname} to temporarily exclude specific caches from client
requests. Send empty `POST` requests that include the names of the Cache Manager
name and the cache.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
POST /v2/server/ignored-caches/{cache-manager}/{cache}
----

{brandname} responds with `204 (No Content)` if the cache is successfully added to the ignore list or `404 (Not Found)` if the cache or Cache Manager are not found.

[NOTE]
====
{brandname} currently supports one Cache Manager per server only. For future
compatibility you must provide the Cache Manager name in the requests.
====


[id='rest_v2_cache_ignore_remove']
= Removing Caches from Ignore Lists
Remove caches from the ignore list with `DELETE` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
DELETE /v2/server/ignored-caches/{cache-manager}/{cache}
----

{brandname} responds with `204 (No Content)` if the cache is successfully removed from ignore list or `404 (Not Found)` if the cache or Cache Manager are not found.

[id='rest_v2_cache_ignore_confirm']
= Confirming Ignored Caches
Confirm that caches are ignored with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /v2/server/ignored-caches/{cache-manager}
----


[id='rest_v2_server_config']
= Obtaining Server Configuration
Retrieve {brandname} server configurations with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/config
----

{brandname} responds with the configuration in JSON format, as follows:

[source,json,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
include::json/rest_server_config_response.json[]
----


[id='rest_v2_server_env']
= Getting Environment Variables
Retrieve all environment variables for {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/env
----


[id='rest_v2_server_memory']
= Getting JVM Memory Details
Retrieve JVM memory usage information for {brandname} servers with `GET`
requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/memory
----

{brandname} responds with heap and non-heap memory statistics, direct memory
usage, and information about memory pools and garbage collection in JSON
format.


[id='rest_v2_server_threads']
= Getting JVM Thread Dumps
Retrieve the current thread dump for the JVM with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/threads
----

{brandname} responds with the current thread dump in `text/plain` format.

[id='rest_v2_server_report']
= Getting Diagnostic Reports for {brandname} Servers
Retrieve aggregated reports for {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/report
----

{brandname} responds with a `tar.gz` archive that contains an aggregated report
with diagnostic information about both the {brandname} server and the host. The
report provides details about CPU, memory, open files, network sockets and
routing, threads, in addition to configuration and log files.

[id='rest_v2_server_stop']
= Stopping {brandname} Servers
Stop {brandname} servers with `POST` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
POST /rest/v2/server?action=stop
----

{brandname} responds with `204 (No Content)` and then stops running.

Commit message:

ISPN-13794 Heap Dump REST API

documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_rest_servers.adoc, after:

[id='rest_v2_server_info']
= Retrieving Basic Server Information
View basic information about {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server
----

{brandname} responds with the server name, codename, and version in JSON format
as in the following example:

[source,json,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
include::json/rest_server_response.json[]
----


[id='rest_v2_server_cm']
= Getting Cache Managers
Retrieve lists of Cache Managers for {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/cache-managers
----

{brandname} responds with an array of the Cache Manager names configured for
the server.

[NOTE]
====
{brandname} currently supports one Cache Manager per server only.
====


[id='rest_v2_cache_ignore']
= Adding Caches to Ignore Lists
Configure {brandname} to temporarily exclude specific caches from client
requests. Send empty `POST` requests that include the names of the Cache Manager
name and the cache.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
POST /v2/server/ignored-caches/{cache-manager}/{cache}
----

{brandname} responds with `204 (No Content)` if the cache is successfully added to the ignore list or `404 (Not Found)` if the cache or Cache Manager are not found.

[NOTE]
====
{brandname} currently supports one Cache Manager per server only. For future
compatibility you must provide the Cache Manager name in the requests.
====


[id='rest_v2_cache_ignore_remove']
= Removing Caches from Ignore Lists
Remove caches from the ignore list with `DELETE` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
DELETE /v2/server/ignored-caches/{cache-manager}/{cache}
----

{brandname} responds with `204 (No Content)` if the cache is successfully removed from ignore list or `404 (Not Found)` if the cache or Cache Manager are not found.

[id='rest_v2_cache_ignore_confirm']
= Confirming Ignored Caches
Confirm that caches are ignored with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /v2/server/ignored-caches/{cache-manager}
----


[id='rest_v2_server_config']
= Obtaining Server Configuration
Retrieve {brandname} server configurations with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/config
----

{brandname} responds with the configuration in JSON format, as follows:

[source,json,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
include::json/rest_server_config_response.json[]
----


[id='rest_v2_server_env']
= Getting Environment Variables
Retrieve all environment variables for {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/env
----


[id='rest_v2_server_memory']
= Getting JVM Memory Details
Retrieve JVM memory usage information for {brandname} servers with `GET`
requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/memory
----

{brandname} responds with heap and non-heap memory statistics, direct memory
usage, and information about memory pools and garbage collection in JSON
format.


[id='rest_v2_server_memory']
= Getting JVM Heap Dumps
Generate JVM heap dumps for {brandname} servers with `POST`
requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
POST /rest/v2/server/memory?action=heap-dump[&live=true|false]
----

{brandname} generates a heap dump file in HPROF format in the server data directory and responds
with the full path of the file in JSON format.


[id='rest_v2_server_threads']
= Getting JVM Thread Dumps
Retrieve the current thread dump for the JVM with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/threads
----

{brandname} responds with the current thread dump in `text/plain` format.

[id='rest_v2_server_report']
= Getting Diagnostic Reports for {brandname} Servers
Retrieve aggregated reports for {brandname} servers with `GET` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
GET /rest/v2/server/report
----

{brandname} responds with a `tar.gz` archive that contains an aggregated report
with diagnostic information about both the {brandname} server and the host. The
report provides details about CPU, memory, open files, network sockets and
routing, threads, in addition to configuration and log files.

[id='rest_v2_server_stop']
= Stopping {brandname} Servers
Stop {brandname} servers with `POST` requests.

[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
POST /rest/v2/server?action=stop
----

{brandname} responds with `204 (No Content)` and then stops running.
